c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll.config
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll.config
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksWebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksWebAPI\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksWebAPI.pdb
