c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.dll.config
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.pdb
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.dll
c:\users\geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.dll
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Geek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.dll.config
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\AdventureWorksDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.dll
C:\Users\Geek\Documents\InstructorProjects\AdventureWorks\AdventureWorksMVC\obj\Debug\AdventureWorksMVC.pdb
